by March 1996 Bob Dole and President
Clinton had locked up their party's
presidential nominations and while
California approached its primary with
little fanfare or attention Democratic
senator Jay Billington Bulworth embarked
upon the final weekend of his
re-election campaign to rebuild our
community chicken wings and get behind
somebody other than a running back who
stabbed just right you're never gonna
get rid of somebody like me
[Music]
No yo yo yo to you later I was open for
sooner this new strategy that's tell me
a little bit senator Bulworth excuse me
senator do you think it's wise to seek
the support of the entertainment
industry when you have such low opinion
of our product they always put the big
Jews on my schedule about Farrakhan in
here for you you'd be really honest with
me and don't spare my feelings do you
have any more than a little crispy crab
cakes
[Music]